# Changelog

## 4.3.0
- Added PlaceholderAPI support

## 4.2.0
- Limited max amount of tasks being scheduled for faster leaf decay
- Fixed plugin showing wrong version
  - (I finally switched to letting maven handle the version string so it won't happen again)

## 4.1.0
- Reduced file size

## 4.0.2
- Fixed exception when breaking certain blocks

## 4.0.1
- Added Russian translation

## 4.0.0
- Added configurable custom drops for all kinds of naturally generated leaves and stripping naturally generated logs
  - See custom-drops.example.yml file
- Added support for stripped wood and the "6 sided tree block"

## 3.1.0
- Added option "requires-at-least". Only has an effect when "require-axe" is set to true
  - When set to IRON, gravity will only work with iron, diamond and netherite axes
  - When set to DIAMOND, gravity will only work with diamond and netherite axes
  - etc...
- Added option "must-sneak". When enabled, players must sneak to use tree gravity.

## 3.0.1
- Fixed server crashing when using worlds generated by Terra
- Fixed nag message on shutdown
- Updated Dutch translation

## 3.0.0

Huge improvements!

- Added option for faster leave decay (disabled by default)
  - Configurable, random delay for decay
- Player placed logs will no longer be detected
  - Only works for logs placed after installing this update
  - Works WITHOUT any database, etcsee

## 2.4.1

- Updated config version so the auto config updater can add the new option from 2.4.0 (sorry I forgot that in 2.4.0)

## 2.4.0

- Fixed torch exploit one and for all by adding NBT Tags to falling blocks.
- Added "prevent-torch-exploit-aggressive" that will prevent the logs from breaking even if a player somehow bypasses
  the torch exploit detection.
- Torch exploit prevention works with all other blocks (slabs, snow, carpet, ...) as well!

## 2.3.6

- Updated API to 1.16.5

## 2.3.5

- Fixed nether tree detection

## 2.3.4

- Fixed support for GriefPrevention, WorldGuard and other protection plugins
- Added Dutch translation

## 2.3.3

- Added support for GriefPrevention and other protection plugins

## 2.3.2

- Fixed message "Block type not found: WARPED_STEM" (etc.) spamming console in MC versions < 1.16

## 2.3.1

- Added podzol as valid ground block

## 2.3.0

- Added support for blocks with upper-diagonal blocks like acacia or dark oak
- Added support for crimson and warped fungus trees
- Removed tree-types config option. Let me know if you need this again
- Added automatic config updater
- Improved plugin update checker
- Added Spanish and Turkish translation
- Updated Spigot API to 1.16.1
- Code cleanup